monuments that stood for centuries wiped
off the map within seconds by Israel's
war in Gaza City Israeli bombs have
reduced Palestinian Heritage buildings
to
dust how can we rebuild this no food and
we are patient no water and we are
patient but now even the mosque where we
pray
we lost it why the international Council
on monuments and sites which advises the
UN cultural organization UNESCO has
issued an urgent appeal it's warning
that the intentional destruction of
cultural heritage is a war
crime the great armari mosque was the
oldest in Gaza built on the sight of an
ancient Temple it was turned into a
Byzantine church then into a mosque in
the 7 th Century now its medieval roof
Sheltering God's worshippers for
hundreds of years is in
ruins the stones they tell you the story
we feel the walls talk to us with the
Quran not the Imam the walls this mosque
doesn't launch missiles Hamas has no
relation to this
mosque this 700-year-old structure was
the last remaining active hamam in the
city the Turkish bass survived various
Empires it was destroyed in November as
Israeli tanks reached the zun
neighborhood if someone has a problem
with his back or something they would
come here how do they justify destroying
the
hamam Palestinians say the demolition of
their cultural Treasures is not
collateral damage they're being
deliberately targeted lawyers before the
un's top Court say this is part of the
Israeli occupation handbook schools and
universities are besieged or just
demolished cultural heritage is usurped
or just
destroyed the Palestinian culture
Ministry says Israeli attacks have
already destroyed more than 200
archaeological and Heritage sites in
Gaza following the killing of tens of
thousands of Palestinians the
destruction of their history will be
felt for generations to come Sam gford
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer